The doctor and my wife have a successful bone marrow match
Are you sure you found it?
OK, and I've now got in touch.
Mainly on your wife's side
At present, there are several indicators that do not meet the requirements
But you don't have to worry.
The surgery should be ready soon
OK
Ok thank you thank you
Wife is so nice
Your illness is saved
Oh, great.
Okay, how old are you, still like a child?
Sister is still here?
Not afraid to tell jokes
Let him release it
During this time?
Too much pressure
Hey, our Xiaoyi?
When I grow up, I know that I feel sorry for my wife
It's not too late
That's right.
The car took over
I left 1 million for Snowy
Take the rest of the money
Take that land
The bigger the area, the better.
brother
It's not that I don't trust you.
I have seen that land
The location is not good.
And the environment wasn't pretty.
Relatively desolate
It's nothing to say
Why don't you think about it again?